[OSDOCS#17012]: CQA bare metal ipi workflow 1 (#117340)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ipi-install-creating-an-rhcos-images-cache.adoc

Reviewer: Forgot the callout label here:
```suggestion
$ podman run -d --name rhcos_image_cache \
```

-p 8080:8080/tcp \
registry.access.redhat.com/ubi9/httpd-24
----
where:

> `podman run -d --name rhcos_image_cache`:: Creates a caching webserver with the name `rhcos_image_cache`. This pod serves the `bootstrapOSImage` image in the `install-config.yaml` file for deployment.

Reviewer: IMO this could be written as a normal sentence to keep it simple:

```suggestion
This command creates a caching webserver with the name `rhcos_image_cache`. This pod serves the `bootstrapOSImage` image in the `install-config.yaml` file for deployment.
```
